[EngSys] Agentic triage update (#58448)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: .github/workflows/issue-triage.md

2. `%Mgmt` catch-all (line 912) — requires "Mgmt"; issue has "Client" → no match, continue
3. `%Event Hubs` (line 329) — requires only "Event Hubs"; issue has "Event Hubs" → ALL labels match ✅ STOP

> **Outcome:** Matches `%Event Hubs` (line 329). AzureSdkOwners: @jsquire, ServiceOwners: @axisc @hmlam. Assign @jsquire, @mention @jsquire in Step 6 comment. If the issue also has "customer-reported", add "needs-team-attention"

Reviewer: What are these line numbers referencing?

Author: They're matching CODEOWNERS, though that's a dangerous game that its playing, seeing as how that's subject to change.   Let me yell at it.

> **Outcome:** Matches `%Event Hubs` (line 329). AzureSdkOwners: @jsquire, ServiceOwners: @axisc @hmlam. Assign @jsquire, @mention @jsquire in Step 6 comment. If the issue also has "customer-reported", add "needs-team-attention"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Outcome:** Matches `%Event Hubs` (line 329). AzureSdkOwners: @jsquire, ServiceOwners: @axisc @hmlam. Assign @jsquire, @mention @jsquire in Step 6 comment. If the issue also is tagged with the "customer-reported" label, add the "needs-team-attention" label
```
